Update README (#420)
firebase/firebase-tools-ui: README.md

#### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

To run the test runner with emulators, use:

```bash
firebase emulators:exec --project sample --only firestore 'npm test'
```

> Make sure the development server is not running, since both the development server and the test runner start the Firebase Emulator Suite. Running both at the same time would cause PORT conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get port conflict errors, make sure to stop other instances of the Firebase Emulator Suite (e.g. the one you've started for the development server above) and try again.
```
